Oh youtubers just wanted to come to you
all and give you a little insight I know
some of you all are fans of the
Breitling Bentley watches and I wanted
to basically show you how to tell if the
watch that you're looking at is real or
fake now I've got one operating right
now which you can pick up for about 50
bucks if you're a good negotiator Canal
Street in New York and really a lot of
other places sometimes in the islands
you can pick them up as well they look
nice I mean nothing wrong with it at all
you know that the size is almost
accurate the weight of it is not as
heavy as a real Breitling but you can
see right there you see the glare on the
glass as a telltale sign also you can
see that the glass is raised off the top
of the watch it shouldn't be glass
anyway you shouldn't have any color at
all and it's definitely not going to be
raised if it's a Breitling last thing of
course you can look at the movement and
you can see the let me get that into
focus you see that second hand sweeping
see if I can get that focus a little
better image for you
okay I can't really get that focused in
because of the glass on there but anyway
there's a second hand on this watch
which is sweeping here I'll try another
one there's a second hand right there
which is actually sweeping it's got like
what looks to be like a red and white
tip on it and a real Brundtland doesn't
have a red and white tip it's actually
got a red stem and that is supposed to
be a chronometer not an actual second
hand so that's actually not supposed to
be moving the Breitling movement is very
precise
it doesn't need a second hand and that's
what you're looking at right there you
can see the second hands on each of
those moving what they do look very very
nice but if you really want to step it
up and you know represent Breitling then
just spend the money get the real thing
that's a brother
movement is precise has world time you
can see looks a lot like the other
watches there's another one but when you
put the Fugazi's next to the real thing
there's really no comparison again I'll
show you that glass or that crystal
basically has a little bit of a glare on
it but you can see right there it's
really not raised off to watch at all
but the if you stand outside that
crystal will actually disappear the
steel the watch is much heavier the
steel is a surgical steel surgical
stainless steel and the I mean for
$50.00 versus you know twenty thousand I
mean it's a very good replica but
something to be said about wearing a
real thing so there's a couple tips I
hope it does help and please subscribe
I'll be bringing you guys more videos
all types of crazy stuff thank you so
much